feat(docs): initial docs portal (#493)
dfinity/orbit: docs/src/content/docs/users/welcome.md

---
title: Welcome to Orbit Wallet
sidebar:
  label: Welcome
description: This page provide the necessary information to get started with Orbit.
---

> Orbit Wallet is a **trustless multi-custody digital asset management platform** built on the **Internet Computer Protocol (ICP)**. Designed for both individual users and enterprise solutions, Orbit Wallet simplifies secure digital asset management through a highly adaptable and decentralized architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orbit Wallet is a **non-custodial digital assets management platform** built on the **Internet Computer Protocol (ICP)**. Designed for both individual users and teams, Orbit Wallet simplifies secure digital asset management through a highly adaptable and decentralized architecture.
```

## **What is Orbit Wallet?**

> Orbit Wallet empowers users to manage their **Web3 assets** securely and efficiently. Built on ICP's advanced blockchain infrastructure, it ensures trustless and scalable operations by leveraging smart contracts (canisters) and secure custody models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orbit Wallet empowers users to manage their **digital assets** securely and efficiently. Built on ICP's advanced blockchain infrastructure, it ensures security and scalable operations by leveraging smart contracts (canisters) and secure custody models.
```

Whether you're a developer building financial applications, a team needing multi-signature approvals, or an individual managing digital assets, Orbit Wallet is your comprehensive solution.

## **Who Is It For?**

> - **Web3 Enthusiasts:** Securely manage digital assets with customizable custody models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Web3 Investors:** Securely manage digital assets with customizable custody models.
```

- **Development Teams:** Integrate Orbit Wallet into your decentralized applications for enhanced user experiences.
- **Enterprises:** Use advanced multi-custody systems for treasury management and secure, auditable asset transfers.
- **Crypto Custodians:** Ensure scalable and compliant asset storage solutions with Orbit Wallet's trustless design.

## **What Can Orbit Wallet Offer?**

1. **Secure Multi-Custody Management:**

>    - Support for multi-signature wallets and role-based access for enterprise use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Support for multi-approval wallets and role-based access for enterprise use.
```
